so rallycross is just an excuse to bring
any car whatever you've got two wheel
drive all the drive front rear and just
go play in the dirt just you're free to
follow the course slide it around go
fast go slowly enjoy yourself probably
causes where you can come with any POS
and I mean any car if I want to edit
that out and drive on dirt or sometimes
it's mud
sometimes it's gravel it just depends on
where you're at for this specific field
it's a lot of a lot of dirt in a lot of
mud
Houston club is one of the larger clubs
for Seca in all of the United States
we're one of the mega clubs we have more
than 800 members we do events such as
rallycross we also do auto cross and we
also have Road race events and PD X's
which is performance driving for those I
want to you know get some track
experience but not necessarily go wheel
my first date rallycrossing today and
having a great time
essentially it's very similar to Auto
crossing which to have a lot of
experience with but on dirt
you know grass and natural terrain
in the car I'm driving today is a
thirty-year-old rx-7 which I thought it
never tracked if again it's great it's
the casual environment people are real
friendly like they are everywhere in
SCCA I'm not even driving my own car
today I'm borrowing a car which is great
that's really generous for someone to
offer their own machine to someone else
I didn't break it that was my coldest
day he still runs
I love the rallycross I do auto cross
I've been doing it for seven years now
the rallycross is definitely my favorite
it's the going sideways I think is the
the biggest thrill
this is the first location that we've
used here near Houston it's out in Sealy
Texas right next to a drag strip most
the other races that we've been doing
this past year have been agreeing horns
plays out in San Marcos Texas
nothing is so much fun you get to learn
a lot of car control and it's a great
time to spend with the fiance now I mean
it's Reetha boyfriend a girlfriend we
started rallycrossing together we got
engaged
my name is Tian le and I was driving the
really you don't need quite a lot of
money to get started you could use any
car like your daily driver or you could
use what we have which is a 2000 super
but that's been completely got it out I
mean we bought that car for $1000 three
years ago and been using it since so
really you can come out here and enjoy
low traction fun and feel like a WRC
driver and maybe spend only a fraction
of the money that it would take to do an
actual rally so it's quite a lot of fun